Eco-Conception | STELLA US Forgotten password × We’ll send you an email with a link to create a new password Email address Send password Return to sign in Skip to main content Skip to footer content free shipping on all orders free samples with every order Shipping: USA (+1) 844-206-1422 Shop Reset Cleanser Alter-Care Serum Restore Cream Refills Travel sets Shop all shop the collection Stella vision Stella Story Stella vision Stella partners in planet shop the collection Science Skin Sustainability Nutrient Rich Ingredients Results A Scent of mindful beauty shop the collection world Commitments Eco-Conception Packaging Committed formulations Vegan and Cruelty Free Sustainable and Traceable Ingredients shop the collection STELLA WORLD stella world skin planet product explore STELLA WORLD fashion Visit stellamccartney.com visit stellamccartney.com Homepage Shop Stella vision Science Commitments STELLA WORLD fashion Reset Cleanser Alter-Care Serum Restore Cream Refills Travel sets Shop all shop the collection Stella story Stella vision Stella partners in planet shop the collection skin-sustainability Nutrient Rich Ingredients Results A scent of mindful beauty shop the collection eco-conception Packaging Committed formulations Vegan and cruelty free Sustainable and traceable Ingredients shop the collection stella world skin planet product explore STELLA WORLD Visit www.stellamccartney.com visit stellamccartney.com You have selected to ship to Confirm Other countries/regions Change location Items will be shipped to selected country. Some stock is limited to specific countries. Europe United Kingdom GBP America USA USD Welcome to stellamccartneybeauty.com/us You are visiting us from USA. Would you like to ship to USA? Yes, go Ship to USA Other countries/regions ECO-CONCEPTION "The truth is that everything we create has an impact, the choice we have is how much. It's our responsibility to minimise this, and, as an industry to be honest and transparent about it." - Stella McCartney shop the collection a better tomorrow We are committed to minimising our impact on Mother Earth. Working with an external eco-design partner, we use Life Cycle Assessments to review our impact and make the right decision at each step of the process. an eco-conscious approach More than 80% of a product's environmental impact is determined during the early stages of its design. By committing to an eco-conscious approach, STELLA skincare looks to find a balance between the environmental, social and technical requirements of our products, as well as their packaging, transport, use and end of life. read more about our impact design Our products are refillable with a unique airless pump, allowing you to use every last drop. We have also limited the use of secondary packaging to reduce our impact, and we never use single-use packaging. materials We have prioritised the use of recycled materials​ and we have limited the use of virgin plastic. ingredients When creating our formulas, we are committed to responsibly sourcing active ingredients and increasing traceability. We banned ingredients whose production or extraction process is considered to be polluting as well as some natural-origin ingredients that we consider to be unsustainable, due to their poor extraction ratio or because they are not renewable. our ingredients local sourcing and production STELLA skincare is produced in France and we have maximised our European sourcing to minimise transportation. We source our glass from Italy and our pump kit is made in France using up to 88% recycled social plastic from Plastic Bank. Our boxes are made in France from recyclable paper with FSC certification. Our refill pouches are also made in France and are linked to bio-based plastic, linked to wood-waste.* *Using the mass balance principle use Our eco-designed, recyclable refill system allows you to use every last drop of your product, whilst reducing its environmental impact. We encourage you to refill your original product, rather than purchase a new one each time. end of life We are focused on creating easily recyclable packaging. We encourage you to recycle your products once they are empty and check your local recycling facilities. *This packaging may not be recyclable in your area. Check with your town's local guidelines. shop the collection ECO-CONCEPTION "The truth is that everything we create has an impact, the choice we have is how much. It's our responsibility to minimize this, and, as an industry to be honest and transparent about it."- Stella McCartney SUSTAINABLE SKINCARE PACKAGING Today, one of the biggest impacts of a luxury cosmetic product is its packaging and we are committed to minimizing ours as much as possible. read more committed formulations For beautiful skin, today and tomorrow, we have scrutinised each ingredient. Rooted in nature, our effective formulas have been designed to work in harmony with your skin, whilst minimising our impact. read more responsible and traceable ingredients We have mindfully selected and priortised ingredients with a lower impact on natural resources. read more Customer service Shipping & Returns Contact Us FAQs Corporate Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Cookie Settings Terms & Conditions Accessibility Policy CCPA Privacy Notice Corporate Gifting SHOP Reset Cleanser Alter-Care Serum Restore Cream Travel sets Shop All Join the movement Email Address Email sign up successful I wish to receive Stella McCartney Beauty personalised communications, offers, news and events by email Sign up Your personal data is processed automatically by Stella McCartney ... Read more Beauty for the purposes of sending personalized communications from Stella McCartney Beauty. For more information about the processing of your personal data and to know your rights, please consult our Privacy Policy or contact our Data Protection Officer by e-mail at the following dpo@stellamccartneybeauty.com Email should not be blank. You must complete the required fields. You must accept the authorization. An error occurred when subscribing to our Newsletter. User already exists. Thank you for joining the movement You will start to receive launch emails, exciting collection news and other Stella McCartney stories. Follow us on social Follow Us Follow Us