Eco-conception | Saint-Gobain Skip to main content Adapt the display Contact Saint-Gobain in the world en fr Dark Mode Insights Insights Insights CONSTRUCTION ISSUES INDUSTRIAL CHALLENGES THE COMPANY OF TOMORROW SOCIETY Sciences STORIES PODCASTS Long Reads Discover the digital magazine of sustainable construction. Discover the digital magazine of sustainable construction. Group Group Group Who are we? Our Purpose Grow & Impact Innovative company Corporate Governance Ethics and compliance Our brands Saint-Gobain worldwide Our history Official Supporter PARIS 2024 Our foundation Discover "The Sustainable Construction Observatory", a unique tool for listening, informing and uniting. Discover "The Sustainable Construction Observatory",a unique tool for listening, informing and uniting. Sustainability Sustainability Sustainability Sustainable Development Goals (SDGS) Our Pillars of Commitments Our foundation, our philanthropic actions Resource Center CSR indicators and significant events Solutions Solutions Solutions OUR MARKETS OUR BRANDS Our solution-based approach Zoom on light construction Finance Finance Finance Saint-Gobain in figures Financial results Grow & Impact Strategic Plan Events Investor days Ownership structure Individual Shareholders General Meeting Participating stocks Stock information Bond Financings Regulated information Agenda Careers Careers Careers The Saint-Gobain Experience Our commitments Our professions Your evolution Our job offers Internship, Work-study & V.I.E Our tips Our latest news Media Media Media Press releases Press contact News Financial Calendar Corporate publications Tribunes Interviews Our campaigns Search Home Eco-conception Eco-conception In order to be consistent with our commitments in terms of sustainable development, we have decided to adopt an eco-design approach for our Website. Responsible digital technology at SAINT-GOBAIN Together with and for our customers, we design, manufacture and distribute materials and solutions that have a positive impact on everyone's life and provide well-being, quality of life and performance, while caring for the planet. This is the profound ambition of our purpose: to act every day to make the world a more beautiful and sustainable place to live. Digital technology is also a tremendous lever for consuming less energy more efficiently. We will continue to grow and innovate through digital technologies. And we will do so responsibly . Our digital tools are therefore constantly evolving with regard to: the respect of personal data ; its accessibility ; its carbon footprint. An eco-design approach With eco-design we aim for digital efficiency : "our tools must achieve their goal using as few resources as possible". Since the last years, we have undertaken structural changes on the SAINT-GOBAIN.com site, with the aim of making our pages consistent with this approach to reducing their carbon footprint. This has been carried out in several stages and in accordance with different approaches: A "dark mode", more environmentally-friendly option saving on terminal and screen battery use . reducing the number of elements that make up the structure of our web pages; optimising fonts; reducing the number of steps to move from one point to another; optimising network queries; reducing the use of Javascript; optimising the management of our CMS, the tool that distributes our pages; No video hosted directly on our servers No Newsletters sent from our Website This work has a positive impact on the time spent on our site, on the bandwidth used to browse, on server storage, and on its accessibility. Measuring the results of our approach To objectify our approach, we use measurement tools. These tools analyse each of our pages and give us an eco-design score. Among other things, we use the Website Carbon Calculator Example: and EcoIndex tool developed by the Green IT , the collective for sustainable computing. Example: Since beginning our work, we are proud to have made significant progress with respect to our score. And we wish to continue this work to achieve the best possible efficiency. Credits Legal notice Your data and your rights Contact FAQ RSS Feed Sitemap La Maison Saint-Gobain Adapt the display Accessibility (Partially Compliant) CSIRT Alert System Eco-conception Rejoignez-nous Facebook X Linkedin Youtube Instagram